C:\Users\Admin\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python37\Scripts\

C:\Users\Admin\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python37\


Based on the above analysis, we propose a chaotic
image encryption algorithm based on coordinate descent and
SHA-256. This solution can effectively solve the above problems.
First, random pixels are inserted before SHA-256 acts
on the normal image to ensure that each encryption uses
a different seed key. Second, we propose SEA, which is a
simple and fast pseudo-random sequence generator. Third,
we improve PWLCM to FI-PWLCM, which has more control
parameters than PWLCM and can generate more complex
chaotic sequences. Finally, we propose the SCD algorithm
based on the idea of coordinate descent method to enhance
the resistance of cryptosystems to statistical attacks. Both
SEA and FI-PWLCM can generate random sequences that
correspond one-to-one to 32-byte hashes, making the algorithm
conform to the cryptographic rule of one-time pad.
Compared with existing meta-heuristic image encryption
algorithms, the proposed SCD algorithm can signicantly
optimize the histogram statistical properties of cryptographic
images.




Basically our project is a library management app. We have to create an app that scans qr /barcode to borrow books. Two types of users are 
there: student and admin. Student creates account using id no. Books are borrowed by students by scanning, and students are reminded to 
return books through notifications. Admin should be able to add and remove books from library database. In addition, books dhi pdf format kuda
chupiyali. Not all books will have pdf format. Only the ones the admin provides will have pdf format.

Features of app:

Virtual book club integration: 

 It enables the users to connect, discuss, debate and deepen their appreciation for literature in a digital community setting.  

Detailed book information:  

This offers book details such as author, publication year, page count and concise summaries to help in informed decision-making  

PDF access:  

Virtual access to books that are high on demand allowing access to the material when not available  

Recommendations: 

 Recommendation of the books available in the library based on genre of interest and previous book issues. 

Event updates:  

Serves as a centre for communicating library related matters.   

Do this app and fill in these documentation for the project:


Bookkeeping Using QR (Involved Librarian and Reader) 

Detailed Book Information 

PDF Access 

Recommendations 

Event Updates 

Virtual Book Club Integration 
